README.md, before:


# Elite-UI

It is a stylesheet hosted online which consists of ready made CSS components.It's like a puzzle, all the parts are there, and as a designer, you need the combine them.
You can view the site here - [Elite-Ui](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/)

## Installation

You just have to copy the below code and paste it your HTML page inside the head tag.

```bash
<link href = "https://elite-ui.netlify.app/style.css" rel = "stylesheet">
```

    
## Components

The Components that i have created are shown below: (More to Come)

1. [Alert](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/alert/alert)
2. [Button](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/button/button)
3. [Avatar](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/avatar/avatar)
4. [Badge](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/badge/badge)
5. [Cards](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/cards/cards)
6. [Input](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/input/input)
7. [Image](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/image/image)
8. [Navigation](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/navbar/navbar)
9. [Rating](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/rating/rating)
10. [Snackbar](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/snackbar/snackbar)
11. [Typography](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/typography/typography)
12. [Lists](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/lists/lists)
13. [Slider](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/slider/slider)

## Authors

- [@Laxmikanth Konthum](https://github.com/laxmikanthkonthum)

Commit message:

Update: Added details about each component

README.md, after:


# Elite-UI

It is a stylesheet hosted online which consists of ready made CSS components.It's like a puzzle, all the parts are there, and as a designer, you need the combine them.
You can view the site here - [Elite-Ui](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/)

## Installation

You just have to copy the below code and paste it your HTML page inside the head tag.

```bash
<link href = "https://elite-ui.netlify.app/style.css" rel = "stylesheet">
```

    
## Components

The Components that i have created are shown below: (More to Come)

1. [Alert](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/alert/alert)- Alerts are the messages which are displayed to the user to make them aware of the outcomes of there actions.
2. [Button](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/button/button)-A button triggers an event or action. They let users know what will happen next.
3. [Avatar](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/avatar/avatar)- An avatar is a visual representation of a user or entity.
4. [Badge](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/badge/badge)- A badge is used to add additional information to the content. For example, some websites associate some number of notifications to the link.
5. [Cards](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/cards/cards)- cards are great for organizing and enhancing a website's user interface. Each card is uniquely designed to make it easy for users to read the card content.
6. [Input](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/input/input)- Input elements are used to interact with the user and validate their inputs.
7. [Image](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/image/image)- We have a circular image with fixed dimensions and a responsive image that adapts depending on the screen size.
8. [Navigation](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/navbar/navbar)- A navigation bar (also called a Navbar) is a user interface element within a webpage that contains links to other sections of the website.
9. [Rating](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/rating/rating)- Rating is used to take user's opinion in the form of colored stars.
10. [Snackbar](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/snackbar/snackbar)- Snackbars provide brief messages about app processes at the bottom of the screen.
11. [Typography](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/typography/typography)- This defines how the text elements should appear on the webpage. 
12. [Lists](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/lists/lists)- Lists are continuous, vertical indexes of text or images. They are composed of items containing primary and supplemental actions, which are represented by icons and text.
13. [Slider](https://elite-ui.netlify.app/components/slider/slider)- Slider is used to input value based on a sliding element and this can have various use cases such as for price ranges, age, Quantiy etc.,

## Authors

- [@Laxmikanth Konthum](https://github.com/laxmikanthkonthum)
